Must add driver exe location to PATH, in "Use WebDriver to automate Microsoft Edge" (#1953)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webdriver-chromium/ie-mode.md

To begin automating tests in IE mode in Microsoft Edge, [download IEDriver](https://www.selenium.dev/downloads/).  Make sure that the version of IEDriver that you download is `4.0.0.0` or greater.

![The IEDriver section of the Downloads page for Selenium.](media/iedriver-install.msft.png)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Required Configuration

To configure IEDriver, Windows, and Microsoft Edge correctly, complete the requirements for [Selenium's required configuration](https://github.com/SeleniumHQ/selenium/wiki/InternetExplorerDriver#required-configuration).  

> ### Place the driver executable in the PATH

Author: @bwalderman - this is the part to review

The driver executable needs to be placed in the PATH; see [IE Driver Server](https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/ie_driver_server/).  The top of that page reads: "The standalone server executable must be downloaded from the Downloads page and placed in your PATH."

> If the driver location isn't included in the PATH, you must set the driver location at `webdriver.ie.driver` or some other way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the driver location isn't included in the PATH, you must set the driver location using the Java system property `webdriver.ie.driver` or some other way.
```

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Automate IE mode in Microsoft Edge

The following sections walk you through using Selenium to automate IE mode in Microsoft Edge.

> This article provides instructions for using the Selenium framework, but you can use any library, framework, and programming language that supports WebDriver.  To accomplish the same tasks using another framework, consult the documentation for your framework of choice.

Author: fyi removed Note, which is deprecated because it decreases visibility (counterproductive) 
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/contribute/markdown-reference#alerts-note-tip-important-caution-warning

### Creating and switching between tabs

> If your test code switches between multiple tabs in the same Microsoft Edge window, tabs that become inactive may not be included in the list of handles returned by [Get Window Handles](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver2/#get-window-handles).  In the Internet Explorer 11 desktop application, IEDriver will return handles for all of the tabs in IE, regardless of activation state.

Author: merely added blank line
